Update paper.md (#68)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/KnetNLPModels.jl: paper/paper.md

  return xtrain, ytrain, xtest, ytest
end

function get_data(; T = Float32)
  ENV["DATADEPS_ALWAYS_ACCEPT"] = "true"

>   xtrain, ytrain, xtest, ytest = get_MNIST(;T=T)

Reviewer: For information, `xtrain, ytrain, xtest, ytest = get_MNIST(;T)` also works

Author: yes but I think Prof. Orban wants it to be clear, no?

Reviewer: You did well, my comment was just for information :)

train_loader, test_loader = create_batch()
```

> To construct the LeNet model as a FluxNLPModel, one needs to pass the model that was defined in Flux, the loss function, as well as the train and test data loaders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To cast the LeNet model as an FluxNLPModel, one needs to pass the model that was defined in Flux, the loss function, as well as the train and test data loaders.
```
This is what I read from the comments.

Reviewer: It makes sense to me, but I just applied the comment of the .pdf

Flux.jl allows flexibility to define any loss function we need.
We will use the built-in `Flux.logitcrossentropy`.

```julia
using FluxNLPModels

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In the following code snippet, we demonstrate the execution of the R2 solver with a `callback` that changes the training minibatch at each iteration:
```julia
using JSOSolvers

max_time = 300. # run at most 5min
callback = (LeNetNLPModel, solver, stats) -> FluxNLPModels.minibatch_next_train!(LeNetNLPModel)

solver_stats = R2(LeNetNLPModel; callback, max_time)

## Report on test data
test_accuracy = FluxNLPModels.accuracy(LeNetNLPModel)
```

Another choice to train `LeNetNLPModel` is the LBFGS linesearch solver:
```julia
solver_stats = lbfgs(LeNetNLPModel; callback, max_time)
test_accuracy = FluxNLPModels.accuracy(LeNetNLPModel)
```

> To `LeNetNLPModel`, an `LSR1` approximation of the Hessian can be employed and fed into the `trunk` solver. The trunk solver utilizes a trust-region method with a backtracking line search. To integrate the LSR1 approximation and trunk into the training process, the code can be modified as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exploit any non-convexity present in `LeNetNLPModel`, an `LSR1` approximation of the Hessian can be employed and fed into the `trunk` solver.
The trunk solver utilizes a trust-region method with a backtracking line search.
To integrate the LSR1 approximation and trunk into the training process, the code can be modified as:
```

```julia
using NLPModelsModifiers # define also LSR1Model

lsr1_LeNet = NLPModelsModifiers.LSR1Model(LeNetNLPModel)
callback_lsr1 = 

>   (lsr1_LeNet, solver, stats) -> FluxNLPModels.minibatch_next_train!(lsr1_LeNet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (lsr1_LeNet, solver, stats) -> FluxNLPModels.minibatch_next_train!(
                                                 lsr1_LeNet.model
                                               )
```

Reviewer: After some thoughts, there was no mistake with `sr1_nlpmodel`, it is just a variable name in an anonymous function definition.
